MIG-520: Command to get exposed image registry route for DIM (MTC 1.5.0) (#32731)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/migration-migrating-applications-api.adoc

> * The _version_ of the installed {mtc-full} Operator must be the same on all clusters.

Reviewer: Out of scope for this PR but to match wording with the other prereqs, considers:

```suggestion
* You must use the same version of the installed {mtc-full} Operator on all clusters.
```

Also, I don't think that "version" needs to be italicized. (Our [OCP doc guidance](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/master/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#quick-markup-reference) is to use underscores for emphasis sparingly.)

Author: OK, but this is a BIG prerequisite that people seem to overlook easily. Fine.

Reviewer: Ah, I see. Your call. :)
